web_graph_highcharts
====================

Module for generating graphical applications Highcharts in OpenERP 6.1-1

Summary
-------
	OpenERP is an open source system and platform for Enterprise Resource Planning.
	It has a mechanism for generating graphic by obtaining data from the database.
	This mechanism sometimes does not meet all possible graphics to be shown in the
	application. The chart types are primarily pie and bar, which does not allow
	interaction with users and visually are not very showy. web_graph_highcharts module
	provides another independent mechanism for generating graphics, which does not
	replace the existing but is responsible for establishing the relationship between
	the development framework OpenERP 6.1 and JavaScript framework Highcharts. Thus
	creating more colorful graphics, of various types, to provide more information and
	visual user interaction is achieved.

Requirements
--------------
	- OpenERP 6.1-1
	- Recent Web browsers and compatible with HTML5 and SVG.
	- web_graph_highcharts:
		* Highcharts JS. Included in the module.
	- web_graph_highcharts_export (Path: ext\web_graph_highcharts_export) [Optional]:
		Module to convert graphs in image (.png) or PDF.
		* CairoSVG. Included in the module, was necessary to perform some changes for
					compatibility with SVG fragments generated by Highcharts.
		* pyCairo library:
			freetype6
			libcairo-2
			libcairo-gobject-2
			libcairo-script-interpreter-2
			libexpat-1
			libfontconfig-1
			libpng14-14
			zlib1

	For Windows these dependencies are DLLs and are included in the module. For GNU Linux
	these dependencies are in the repositories. See Installation process.


Installation process
--------------------
	web_graph_highcharts_export it’s the only module that has some peculiarity in their
	installation. The other modules are installed in the traditional way, the installation
	or configuration of any other dependencies or library is not necessary. To install
	web_graph_highcharts_export requires the PyCairo library, which makes a binding with
	Cairo. For operating systems based on GNU Linux, these libraries are in the repositories.

	For Windows:
		- In the path web_graph_highcharts_export\common a file called cairo.zip. Inside are
		  the necessary dlls. You must extract the contents into a valid path of PYTHON_PATH.
		  In the case of Windows it should be in C:\Python27\Lib\site-packages.
		- Install web_graph_highcharts_export module.

Documentation
-------------
	- Find more information in the path doc\
	- You can install the module demo_graph_highcharts located on the path
	  demo\demo_graph_highcharts, to show the functioning of web_graph_highcharts module.
